website/integrations: fix outline subject mode (#16022)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/documentation/outline/index.md

    - Note the **Client ID**,**Client Secret**, and **slug** values because they will be required later.
    - Set a `Strict` redirect URI to `https://outline.company/auth/oidc.callback`.
    - Select any available signing key.

>     - Under **Advanced Protocol Settings** -> **Subject Mode**, Select **Based on the User's username**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Under **Advanced Protocol Settings**, set the **Subject Mode** to be **Based on the User's username**.
```

Author: Ah this is better!
